good guys the truth is that I have left
amazed with the amount of questions
that you have been sending me I have already
hundreds of questions in the email and I
they keep sending so I've decided
put it in different blocks today by
example let's talk about questions
I will answer questions of the program
how has my experience been in the
program then I've had so many
questions and I've decided to group them in
groups we started with the acne if
andreas and vicente lorenzo that I
question that when we recorded the
good programs the programs are already
recorded and had to be recorded with a
a little bit in advance because of course
it was live to record the tests
by teams and all that is needed
enough time then it is recorded with
in advance and then they ask me what
who you like better than the jury of the
three judges with who has been
with which he has felt more secure
trust and support I believe that the three
have been able to demonstrate those qualities in
me that really so much for a few things or
for others both samantha and pepe like
jordi after all they made us
feel sure of ourselves though
at first it did not look like it and well I
I think that there is a sense of trust with the three
If I had to stay with one
surely I would stay with claudia fit
where I would probably stay with Jordi
I may have stayed with Jordi for the
topic that has helped me a lot to know
manage my nerves until the quiet
and especially to know how good
which is a contest and nothing more than
you have to take it as such then it comes
Miriam and she asks me to teach me how to cook
the Japanese spring clear man I'm
thinking even about doing a post about
the Japanese spring so have the
mind jordi asks me what I think
have won the course the kitchen of him
cordon bleu
the truth is that it has been an experience
unforgettable and that I will never forget
things as they are
it seems to me an experience worthy of not
forget that he will be with me always and
is going to be something fantastic the course of
cordon bleu it is going to be fantastic to me
question of the idea that if I got angry with
the steam what happened to the fish
man the truth is that what happened with
the fish was funny but neither did
upset things as they are no longer will it be
in chorus then at least
Monica asks me if I was planning to arrive
so far the truth is that he did
principle I sincerely fought for
name first and then as I went
advancing the programs and what truth that
I was getting a little more confident
but I never imagined getting so far
the truth tells me that sofía that with
who made the richest in the program with
the program has taken me very well
with everyone but yes that is true
that there have been people like efrén like
clear as native that yes true that
It takes me much better with them then
they are with whom more friends do